why do you keep closing your laptop
every time i walk by
you look stressed
work's been uh crazy
i've always wanted to change the world
how
amazon for drugs but you can't buy drugs
on the internet what if you could
using bitcoin i just made 75 grand
in the last 90 minutes baby that's 1.2
million
a day
this guy's the first millennial gangster
you're gonna crack this the
old-fashioned way agent potent
everything they know they learned off
the screen
not staring down the barrel of a gun
experience matters oh
when you snatch them up send me a facts
the dark net something special came in
the mail
game is changing it's gonna be every
suburb in america
this website needs to be shut down
immediately
i'm the ones going to bring this brick
down
[Music]
you crossed this lab there ain't no
going back
you're getting obsessive
we get him on conspiracy to commit
murder
checkmate
this thing is going to outlive all of us
[Music]
you